230 resurremus.

donce in the work is greatly confirmed, from the fact of
its having been examined and recommended by the first
classical scholars in our country. It will soon become
an elementary text-book, Ι think, in all our classical

ωιωοιε. - w. msk.
Now-Yorh September 8, 1835.

From the Rev. J. M Mermeros, D. D., Chamauor of tlte
University ‘ff New-York.

Fnon the very cursory per-usal which I have given the

“Life of Washington, by Francis Glass, A. M. ’I have
been led to form a favourable opinion of it. 'Its excel-
Ιθιιοθε, as a L‘atin composition, far outnumber its defects3
and I am pleased with every attempt of the kind to fix
the'minds of our youth on the models of g'reatnoss and
worth which are furnished by our'own country. ,

J. M. MATHEWS...
Now-York, leth September, 1836.

From Robert B. Ραίιοπ, Professor of the Greek Language
and Literoeture in the Νεω- Yorlc University. · ·

Mn. Βειιτοιιιε,
Sim—Accept my thanks for the copy of‘ ‘the Life of
,George -Washingtom m Latin prose. '’' I am much pleas-
ed with both the plan and the execution of. the work.
While our youth are called upon, in many metanoea, to
study elementary books in our primary schools, composed
confessedly by modern scholare, on subjecte o'f compar-
atively minor importance, why should they not be fur-
nished with elementary books 'for their earlier course,
adapted to furnish a· knowledge of our owri history, and
especially of the life of one whom America, and I may
say also Europe, is proud to honour. ·

With my best wishes for your success in endeavouring
to introduce the work into our primary schooIS,

Ι am, dear sir, yours, dcc.
ROBERT B. ΡΑΤἸῸΝ.

